Condominium web info & management system is a modern web system that provides a digital marketing solution to modern condominiums, with our web system, a condominium can be advertised throughout the web with very minimal effort and financial cost compared to other conventional methods like brochures or billboard ads. The general scope of this project spans to three group of peoples or individuals, the major one is the general public, the second one is the residents and lastly the administrative office or administrator of the condominium. Our condominium web info & management system provides a free to access page for the public to view informations on the condominium and enquire on anything related to the condominium. Other than that, it also provides a place for residence to access everything they need to know about the condominium from the sop & regulations , down to the unit info. On top of that, residents can also make reports digitally through the system which would be answered through with an email. As per the management part, an admin is stationed to work on the server side to control everything involving the system such as the resident accounts, resident reports, public enquiries and such. The administrator have full control of each residents accounts, view and delete reports that are made, view and delete the public's enquiries, and also manage the news feed on the resident's homepage. The objectives that we sought to achieve upon creating this system is to solve the issue that plagues older made condominium sites which uses a blogspot system to advertise their condominium in which case are outdated in design and doesn't fit with the current trends and user needs. The other objective is to ease the workload of condominium manager by making a systematic solution to enquiries, reports and news feed to reduce the manual workload that they have to do and to cut down on costs and effort of those manual labor. The last objective is to provide more information piece to the general public as to make a transparent advertisement to people and also help the residents to learn and benefit more from the condominium by knowing the facilities that are provided, news of events and notices. With the development of this system, it's believed that these three groups would benefit a lot in terms of information relayment, management costs & efforts, and also help in making the condominium a better and more interesting highlight.